# i don't know what title i shall use for these documents

i've not done a lot of new things in the past week
i made a very basic `flask file server` 
i used `pdf.js`, a wodnerful framework for rendering PDFs in html documents

i found the pdf.js documentation a bit confusing
(i probably find every documentation confusing \<insert sweat smile emoji here\>, which i believe is because i am still very naive in the world of programming)

almost forgot!! I used `BeautifulSoup` in python to parse an server-side rendered html document and scrape data off of it!
a task in my part time job required me to get the list of students in an online course, their grades and submission statuses and make a summary sort of document from it.
i'll be very honest here
the task was boring, like very boring
so, just to make it fun, i thought why not write a program that will get me all the statistics in the format that i want!
my initial thought was to hit the API that fetched all the data, but on investigating the network calls, i found out that the LMS (Learning Management System) server was sending a server-side rendered document :(
so, i searched the internet about how i can parse and make sense of the documents
found out one answer that mentioned BeautifulSoup and it's usage (i promise i'll paste credit and/or reference links from the next document that i write) and off i went!
it was wonderful!
i got all the content of the html tags as an array
now, i just had to find out how i could extract the information that i needed
now, the data that i needed was in a table, so i could see a pattern in the array and pattern = easy program!!
i found out the pattern, but there were still some discrepencies in the pattern, some breaking points that did not follow the pattern
i found another pattern, which was based on regular expressions, as those regular expressions would definitely be repeated without any breaking points
now, from previous experience, i remember that regex has been a real pain to debug and even writing one correctly takes a lot of mental effort
i am hungry and sleepy
so, i ditched regex and went with string comprehension methods in python, like `**substring** in **string**`
and voila!!
it worked!
i had all the information in the format that i wanted and now i had to go back to the boring part - making a summary out of that data
did this program help me increase my productivity? questionable
did i have fun writing it? absolutely!
i guess that is what anybody seeks in the work that they do, **fun**
and if something is not exciting enough, we can always try to make it by doing it the way that amuses us

i thought this won't be too long, but looks like i've written a bunch of words!

**this** is the 500th word XD

i hope to write and commit more often

signing off for now

peace!